okay it's time to stop the Toyota
insanity all I see on the news is about
their recalls well let me tell you about
my Toyota experiences first of all my
first toyota vehicle was in nineteen
ninety six Tacoma four by four pickup
truck loved it awesome vehicle not one
trip to the dealer to fix anything
anything absolutely anything it rammed
perfect because of my joy with that I
traded into another toyota pickup truck
but in 2002 what I got was the four-door
the four-door Tacoma four by four
automatic again a beautiful truck rammed
perfect great vehicle not one trip to
the dealer for any faults defects
anything all I did is put gas oil and
maintenance that's it 2005a 'used a
toyota corolla xrs fantastic vehicle
again guess how many trips to the dealer
for fixing anything zero nada nothing it
ran perfect so in october two thousand
nine cindy nine now purchased a corolla
s it gets better mileage than the XRS we
don't need the extra power it's
automatic allows me to film better we
are happy with it since then we have put
4,000 kilometers on am I afraid to drive
it because of this recall absolutely not
we've driven it to Vancouver we've
driven it all over the place is
fantastic and what I gotta say is kudos
to Toyota for taking this step at a time
when it must cost them literally
billions of dollars other manufacturers
previously have not done so what they
have done is put the consumer out on it
on their own it didn't matter if it was
with paint or exploding gas tanks or
whatever Bravo Toyota I love your
products and I will continue to buy them
so you know stop the insanity and if
anyone has a happy experience with the
Toyota pass it on let's stop this
insanity